And my feeling is, I don't know how religious she can be in that outfit. I mean, I tried to tell her, it's all about social capital. Like, it's ALL about political capital. If you can imagine, I was sort of wildly putting on my collar and running out the door. It's like, I know I'm not exactly Miss America, or, like, Miss, you know, WORLD, but I still have feelings like everyone else. and what I know via personal experience is that, you can put lipstick on a pig, that don't make it not a pig. What I wish, Todd, is that you would stop saying about how my nose is a little long. I just want to be happy via growing old with someone who, say, when I die, everyone will feel especially bad for that person. RIGHT?!?!? And I never even had braces. which my feeling is, I don't want to put cold hot sauce on my hot food, at all. So I'm all, you know what man? I'm LITERALLY all ears. I mean, what greater invention is there than cheese you can eat via pulling strings of it off and then eating them!?!? I simply can't STAND people who leave their window shades open. I mean, HELLO, I'm on this plane too!!! So selfish, really — it reminds me of something my former husband would do. Emphasis on FORMER!!! My feeling is, nobody can fault you for just keeping on smiling your super beautiful smile, am I right? I don't agree with you 100% but I agree with you a lot. which I was like, someday we will all die via a comet slamming into Planet Earth, and then what will you have to say for yourself!?!? which, then, I was like, well what you YOU have done, Nancy?? which, having always been a kind of, like, unstable person, I didn't really feel comfortable doing that at all. and I'm like who listens to the goddamn radio these days anyway am I right? I'm going to tell you right now that I had chocolate in my scarf all day and didn't notice. So i'm not sure my advice is the advice you want anyway. which, honestly — I've never been more me than I am right now. Which, by the way, you are all on my payroll. You're all a little wild. That's my nephew you're talking about. Christ on a cross. I have a beef with you. Larry how could you. Larry is not transparent in these discussions. Larry goes behind closed doors and does whatever the hell he wants. Which, what you need to understand is, I have had some really tough clients in my day. And Larry doesn't know how to do that. Which, in fairness to myself, I do have two full-time roles. I'm tired of dancing around Larry, to be frank. If Larry doesn't like me, he's NOT going to like Doug. I'm sure you're both on it, but it's your dear mother's birthday today. Yet another reminder: if my memory is correct, your grandfather would have been 88 today. A raisin tastes like dirt. If you were a food, you would be a raisin. If you were a number, you would be zero. Zero is nothing. Hon, don't answer the phone like that or I will hang up. Hon, not cool. Hon, please. What are some good things to talk about? That's the price of freedom. Vote with your dollars, people. Which, you know, you can pick up a cat for 25 dollars around here. I'm really loving the color greige. Greige is very in right now. Hon, that's grotesque. Hon, that's unseemly. I've never deposited money in a bank machine. Someone has not been squeezing the toothpaste from the bottom and I think I know who it is. I used to catch snakes and bring them into my room. I had a hard time going to sleep because I was playing candy crush. It wasn't really that good of an idea. It wasn't the best idea I've ever had. That's for sure. I'm thinking about crawling out from under my rock. I thought about purchasing a single serving of cashew milk. A dog that was not my dog peed on my foot. He's cute and unexpected, like me. Sometimes you're so weird and it's usually because you're drunk. Something about Itunes genius recommendations is that they can really make you hate yourself. I hate when people say congrats because it sounds like rats. Sometimes it takes a grinch to really get Christmas going and that grinch is me. And you don't think a lot of people learned their stuff from the Hardy Boys? And once I like finished a whole bottle of peptobismol in 24 hours. And I do love a good travel-size section. But how can this be, Diane? My whole life, I've never been wrong. I wish dogs had beards. Some do, some don't. Voting is kinda sexy. Today I discovered that there is a region called The Great Plains. How do you spell Saturday, anyway? Like for example do you say the word via like this or are you one of those that says it normally? I've only been to yoga once since burning man. I just love democracy, is the truth about it. Quite, though, quite. Quite right. So yeah, you reap what you sow, or whatever. I thought there was only one kind of whale. I think — aren't all whales killer whales? I thought you decided you didn't like this guy because he doesn't read. I forgot calculus. Forgot the whole thing. Which, I mean, it could be that the most responsible thing I've done in my adult life is buy a replacement brita filter. Happy birthday to everyone! Nay, happy birthday to the world — for America is a gift to us all! God bless America, am I right? FedEx my iPad to me, would you? Sigh, sigh sigh. You're never gonna be jello. And you know, policemen wear shorts in the summer. Once I successfully instigated a conversation about cats at the office lunch table. You wouldn't know anything about babe trouble, would you? Spin class always strikes me as like, well, a little verbally abusive. Is mercury in retrograde today or something!? I feel like Daddy would actually want a call on Mother's Day. Always be breezy with the ladies. It's all coming home to roost. I don't want him coming home to roost. If you love something let it tweet. And the trouble with hashtags is that, you never know. You just never know. I wonder how the Nets are doing. Say your piece now or forever hold your peace. Is this based on reality? I want this book, I just flipped through it and saw the words taco chicken. I get this weird not-unpleasant like stabbing shooting sensation. The blond leading the blond if you know what I mean. And who approved this headline, may I ask? Parliament is quite entertaining. Honestly, it's just not part of my artistic vision. God loves a good skinny jean. And lo and behold, guess what? Delete, delete, delete. And, well, tough tutus, as they say! Tough luck! Today is so funny, in like a ha, ha, ha kind of way. It is like, hecka beautiful out. I mean I know photoshop, I'm not totally useless. Well, I napped on my desk a little bit. What if I told you that I'm the kind of person who eats a footlong sandwich on the train? Sharon named her iPhone. She named her iPhone Mason. Really think about a hotel for dogs. Be unhappy for a while. It's okay. If you feel needy, don't express that neediness. Just recede into yourself. I'm literally about to party like it's my birthday. They don't even have braces in Estonia. You're asking me if cats can hear? That seems silly, doesn't it? What an incredible plot twist, if you catch my drift! What a curve ball, if you know what I mean! Do you catch my drift, Todd? Talking about love in the time of cholesterol. I'm at my happy weight, if you know what I mean. And what's incredible is that a stingless male bee is called a drone. Consider the pig bath, I said to him. What we need is some good clean fun, if you catch my drift. I told him I'm not dating anyone. It's a lie, but I said it. I remember when Pete Rosenbaum got the first computer from Radioshack. I have to either take a nap, go for a swim, or go spend some money. It's probably not even a little true. I literally make nothing in my life a priority. The cats usually eat a special Christmas Eve ham today. And if you believe it I saw an actual tumbleweed. He dropped out of college, moved to LA, bought a dog, and named it Drama. Some dudes might have the coin, but they'll never have the kwan. There is no drinking like the drinking you do before you have to perform karaoke at your staff holiday party. And when I pee at work my feet don't even touch the ground. Can you say something to make it not weird? When have I ever said something to make it not weird? Wait, where's my party rat? My sister literally wears blankets as clothes. I'm like, that's not a shawl, that's a blanket, let's be honest. Were you stoned on weed when you thought that up? Sharon asked me how a cat cuts his hair. I want you to twitter about it. This is probably the coldest day of my life, to be honest. I heard about some damaging wind gusts. You have a piece of lettuce on your foot, sir. I'm not drunk, ask me anything about reproduction. I don't like anybody calling anybody dude. I mean anything's good when you're starving, is what I told him. You have a lot of your twenties left. You'll have some fun, but mostly you'll realize it's not as fun as you thought it would be. Are you serious, I said to him. Having kids is the great cake of life. You can lead a horse to gin but you can't make it drink. How great is it that you're my daughter AND that you are so cool. I mean, that is really something to be thankful for. She taught her cats to pee in a toilet. She was just such an otherworldly-looking child. It pretty much brings your hair from zero to hero. I just don't want anyone to see my bunny. And like I'm sure this is just the tip of the iceberg. You are dancing around the subject like the pied piper, if you know what I mean. Do I look like I have a moment for the environment? Truly, do I? Don't even get me started, a fried oreo is a delicatessen. Wait, no, that's not what I meant to say. Are you not a place of adults and business? I would love to know what's so incredible about him. Maybe I need to get a puppy. Well I got an injection this morning in my eye so I can't see that well but I can still drive. I am not fancy. Two can certainly play this game. Cats are really just tiny house lions. That's what the community calls you. We are all dressed in beautiful rags. Ikea brings out my most mature self. We have to start learning to be polite to robots if we don't want them taking over the world. Oh my god he was telling the actual truth. Friends don't let friends have middle parts. I'm into guys with long hair if they have a job. What they say is, you only really live once and you should really go for it. I'm sorry, I was just looking at your dead plant for a minute. I couldn't believe it but he called me crazy. I admit that after five or six beers she started to look attractive. It's not the worst thing, but it's not the best. And vice versa. You know, I think we're on to something here. You know, I think you might be right. Remember when you told me that you secretly loved pickled pig feet? Are beets a root or a seed or what? Sometimes I feel like a tiny dried up raisin. They don't make them like that anymore, do they? Explain something to me, Fred. Nobody can tell me what to do, I said! Sometimes I think I am just an easily disappointed person, is what I told him. I just can't stand those folks who think they know everything. You think you know everything, sir? How about you tell me about what happened on this day in the year 1900. Go on, tell me. Impress me! When I was little, my parents actually thought that maybe I was the next Einstein type of guy, if you know what I mean. You think that's funny? I'll show you funny. I waited a long time for someone to look at me like that, if you know what I mean. Don't ever sell yourself short, I said to him. Don't ever think you're not worth something, I said. That's no way to be. And I said to her, get with the program. And she kind of hated me. But, what could I do about that? What could anyone do, really? For the love of my country, I will do this thing. But that doesn't mean I like it, you hear? Sometimes I think maybe I'm just not good at anything. Sometimes I think you are the most irritating person in the world. I love you but I don't have to like you right now. I bought myself a car because I think I deserve it. I don't get how you don't get this. What's the difference between God and Jesus? Why are there so many ratios in the Bible? We went to see Joan Baez on Saturday, did I tell you this? It was really, really wonderful. Really wonderful. In ways I won't even try to describe right now. It really changed me around somehow. I just thought it might be worth your looking into it, given who this man is, given who Hoozy Whatzy is, given these things... Oh yes, fitbit! I even have one of those, though I've misplaced it somewhere. Hm? Well, I have a busy and complicated life, and things do get misplaced from time to time. They're quite small, as you know. Kath is working her head off with this social media course, and she's teaching at that place tomorrow, and we just met with a college counselor; Zoe has agreed to take a writing course over the summer at Stanford; speaking of which I am driving past what used to be the open field at the shopping center and, absolutely depresso, they're turning it into what looks to be a parking structure; I can hardly believe even the open spaces on campus, even the lawn where I first met your mother, all being used as space for unsightly science buildings. And I went to the medical school book store and there were hardly any books there with everything being digital now. Did mother like olives? Do you remember if she liked olives? I don't remember olives. I just care so deeply about the environment. Sometimes I wonder if you even hear me. Are you even listening? Is she a nice person? He's a real nice man. What a neat lady. She's doing some real neat stuff over there. Ain't that something, sir? Isn't it just something the way you can walk around and see a million types of all kinds of people? Anyhow, I told her how I felt. I think she understood, at least, it sure seemed like it. As a little girl I used to dance around and say I was a superhero. I wanted to do everything and anything. Well what was I supposed to do? Why would you want to go out with a girl like that? I asked him if he even liked me. She asked what I was going on about in such a state. Hon, please don't. Don't do that. Why would you do that? He never infuriated me like you did. You were like that from the moment you were born. They called you carrot top the milky white transparent baby. Your money is worthless here. Waiter, there is too much pepper on my asparagus. Asparagus was actually Hitler's favorite vegetable. It doesn't exactly help me enjoy it. Always remember that if you're attractive, your life will be easier. Does this fit here do you think? Was that fair do you think? I just don't know anymore. What are the symptoms of depression, anyhow? What's life all about, anyhow? How do you figure this? What's the point of everything? Where are we all going? What does it all mean? Oh, sometimes you just have to wonder. It's true, isn't it, what they say about men and women. This gender stuff runs deep. You should always google someone before you marry them. You never know what you might find. Isn't that the truth, I said! Boy, did that ever surprise me. I deserve it. This whole world is bananas. No one can even put down their iPhone these days. They say everything is coming to an end. And they might be right. It's not polite if you don't finish your food, you know. People oughtta stop sitting around and doing nothing. Hon, please be nicer. Hon, how clever! Boy, do I have clever kids. I think my dog is the best thing in the world. Some dogs really ride the subway, it's true, I heard about that. In Russia dogs ride the subway. I bet you're surprised. How do you feel now? If you don't know what you've got, that's not good. You've got to be grateful, is what they say. Gratitude will save your life. Five minutes of meditation can change everything. What could you possibly want with a trinket like that. I said to him, that's just rude. There's no need to be rude now. And I don't know if he really understands that. It's not everyone who can truly understand the cause we work for. He's a very advanced child. My father was born in the same year that the bikini was invented. She loved to invite people over and talk about them right after they left. Kids are just crazy. Kids are nuts. Parenthood is really something. Psychotic is not a nice thing to call someone. That's no way to treat a lady, is what I learned. Is that right, Larry? Are you the best in your field? Is it your core competency? Are we going down a bad path? Don't be so negative. It's not attractive to complain. How grotesque. What a shame! Quel dommage, as they say! Who can believe this sort of thing! This sort of thing happens all the time now. I just have to dig my heels in sometimes. It's really coming down out there. Excuse me, I have to take this call. I hope you don't find me rude. I'm just not that kind of a person. I can't fall in love easily. I'm not exactly easygoing. It's hard to describe what a rush it is. Do you know a lot about history? Have you been to the battlefields? Are you a man about town? Just a beautiful story. To listen to the guy talk! Poetry is fantastic. What a world we live in. And can you believe all this stuff going on? Just unreal. Wild and wonderful, this world we live in! It's really something else. This man was kind of dopey. She seemed like she was on top of it. All rats go to heaven, or so they say. He's not a great guy. It just isn't done. People don't come back from something like that. You must have something to prove. With a face like that, you could do anything! You bet your boots. I haven't heard boo from these people in years, and now all of a sudden they want something from me? Something seems not quite right here. I said to him, why don't you try and make it on your own for a while, pal. Maybe today just isn't your lucky day. Sometimes people think they deserve everything. This lady walked by talking crazy to herself and here I am thinking, is she going to make it home safely? What's the deal with manatees anyway? Why do you have so many questions? What's this guy on about now, anyway? What have you been doing with your time? What do you hope to accomplish with your life anyway? When it comes down to it we are all just tiny specks on this big planet. If you can't get it together to write a thank you card, I don't know what business you have calling yourself an adult. How's that for quick? And she thought I could do it. I sure showed her. There's either no one to date or a ton of people to date. When it rains it pours they say. That's what they tell me. I just don't need to be dealing with things like that. What a dopey thing to do. Jeez that's good stuff there. I don't even have any chocolate. The things we do for love, am I right? I'm not that excited about Larry these days. I think transparency is so important. I think that one girl really liked me. If you plant a raisin in the ground does it grow anything? How do trees get started? Now how about World War II, how did that whole thing get started? Why did that man care so much? Nobody knows the briefing books better. Jose knows what a hard worker she is. No one knows what I know. Like, what a guy. What a superhero. Everyone gets the hand they're dealt, as they say. This dinner really is primo. The food is delish. I thought this guy was pretty appealing. That's a bunch of chazerai. Kind of a dopey thing to do, if you ask me. She's working her head off. Hon, where are the binocs? I was really struck by how amazing people can be. If you can imagine, it wasn't the first time someone had asked me that. What a brainy guy. Fabulous! It was unsightly. Absolutely a bunch of junk. Do you have any dungarees? A liberal in the streets but not in the sheets. Put your money where your mouth is. Oh how unpleasant. What year is it anyhow? Would you call yourself short? How tall do you think the president is? Sometimes I wonder if I'm cool at all. All I care about is treats. I love to nap. What's the difference between God and Jesus and the Holy Spirit, actually? I don't understand religion at all. Not worth his own stones, I say. Looking for love in all the wrong places and spaces. Once a grinch, always a grinch, that's what they say. Well was he surprised? Always let your friends help and ask for help when you need it, that's what they tell me. He loved asparagus and all kinds of vegetables. It is the ride of a lifetime. Can you be happy for me? Do you even like my cat? My cat has quite a few issues. He's a total psychopath. That's a very small cat. What are your thoughts on capitalism? A little bit of socialism is good. It simply isn't acceptable. Happens once in a blue moon. She thinks astrology is real, if you can believe that. People who do yoga are absolutely ridiculous. Can I be honest with you Nancy? He just wants what he wants. Had a good talk with your wonderful brother today. I am safely in room 759 of The Washington Fairmont on 24th street, soon to sleep. Here working with The American College of Cardiology. Back in MP on Friday. Thinking of you all. Check this out, please. Dinner that night, maybe with J-bird? Would that be good or too much extra strain, etc? Will be in DC until that morning. I forgot to note what a quick and clever girl you were! I knew you would jump on this issue of another's weakness—especially in an area of strength for you. In truth, she's made great arithmetic progress, confirming the whole girl/math idea all over again. We are leaving this so-called paradise tomorrow! Kathryn said very dryly earlier, with a totally deadpan expression, "It will be hard to leave." It was a very well-delivered line. You must have your dog now. Very happy about that. Send pics, please. On the dog frontier, don't know if David wrote to say that Noodles was put to rest yesterday. I'm sure he would like to hear from you. Hope you're well. Maybe we'll get to talk later in the week.
(I'm in Santa Cruz today for an important meeting, but one which I'm there as an observer, with no particular responsibilities.) Thanks, my dear. Your dog is beautiful! Tell me name please. Hope all's well with you. Things here going well, getting close to the close, near to being home. Been gone a week now. Please send me a few words about how you are when you can. I'm in possession of a copy of "My Name is Lucy Barton" inscribed to you by the author. Will try to send it off tomorrow. I took the liberty of reading it as it transited through the house. A slim but piercing book. Didn't want to intrude with a call or text, but I'll be able to talk Monday or Tuesday. Hope you're taking care of yourself in the midst of this awful shock. We're all very sad about this here. Has your brother been a comfort? What about just asking her to stop? Or should I float through and accomplish that? Let me know if I can be helpful about all this, my dear. I'm sorry if I startled you—probably did—but wanted to tell you honestly how I was doing right now. I will keep you posted and let you know soon as things turn around. Headed to sleep now, but let's talk tomorrow. Kathryn spontaneously said that nothing could be better for Z than seeing you work hard towards something you want. Feeling very fortunate to be getting away--and for three weeks... Maybe i can give you a call from the car as we drive to Anacortes, in your late afternoon. Staying two nights at Park Hyatt. Dinner tonight with first cousin Chana Berlowitz, here for many, many years after marrying Jacques, who has departed some years ago. Send news when you can. Create cartoons when possible, even at my expense! Jaybird, let us know when you depart, please. Very handsome and on  a lovely colored throw — Many pictures from this trip, but none collected yet, partly owing to my awkward system of having them on an external drive. Dinner last night with cousin Chana Berlowitz and her three children very delightful and informative. We'll look around Zurich today, eat with Chana tonight, take the train to Lucerne tomorrow.
I could see doing more of this. Only six hours after landing in Paris, courtesy of a grand taxi-drivers work stoppage, we are sweatily in our room: K+K Cayre Saint Germain des Pres, room 610. Here until we leave to pick up the third-named child above at the airport Saturday morning! I am being quite positive in spirit, helped much by my companions! Flight was good; we were disciplined about drink and sleep; leaving at 6:00pm for Athens and rendezvous with Robert and Jane. I am being productive and I'm also feeling much better. Here working with several of my favorite people in General Dynamics and back mid-evening tomorrow.
Hope you are both doing well. I'm not quite as far gone as this picture suggests, but I do think that it's on holiday afternoons such as these when decisions for cosmetic surgery are hardened. I did think, alternatively, of titling it "Death Mask with Cutie." I have thought of three people who are not in this category: my two daughters and me. Maybe we make a fourth spot for Cousin Florence and a fifth for Sharon, but it's mainly our lonely little trio, trying to teach and heal the world. Lonely, but honorific, too. Hey, what kind praise! Thank you, kiddo. Running downstairs to help Kath with dinner. J-bird expected any minute. Lots to talk about when I'm stationary. Eager to hear how you are-- Your cartoon is very cool and has now been seen by all four of us! What do you think about a piece about FAT as hoarding? We could co-author. Politically incorrect, but perhaps lucrative and powerful. In the other order, of course. How gauche of me! We must search the literature. Really loved our talk today. We head to Maine tomorrow. This is a strikingly sad little piece of art! Well-done. I think it's a whole new area for you to mine cartoonishly. Kath and I went to see Joyce Carol Oates last night: she was really wonderful, surprisingly so. Smart, funny, tremendously honest and humble. Maybe will get the nerve to look at the website today! Sorry I'm so squeamish about things. …pretty big changes in their house. Let's talk about it when you can. Total of 2 hrs. 37 minutes with United. I'm going into a dark room with an eyebag. That was preceded by my needing to report to Susan about Mort's deterioration for 1 hr. and 15 minutes, the first quarter hour with her nearly screaming at me about how there was nothing she could do. I'll be back in touch after I recover. Hope all's well.
won't impose, as I gather that you've already donated to the parental fund today. My third act in Florida will be to herd all those wrinkled Republicans into the goddam ocean at gunpoint and then retreat to Orcas and listen to my great stereo system. Sorry I missed your call. Was sitting in St. Pancras station having a drink with this very delightful guy from the London film-making and entertainment world. Let's discuss when we talk. How doing? (Kathryn was very delighted with her two talks with you. Thank you.) I'm still 3.5 hours from home on an 11-hour flight, but slowly getting there. All here is fine. Concentrate on taking care of yourself well. Some progress with Z and this is a big weekend with a history test on Monday. I'm planning on pushing hard and being very available for as much of the weekend as I can — though headed to Seattle to meet up with my bitcoin fellow on Sunday night and Monday.
Tell me, kiddo, if this is too weird or personal to work on marketing materials for your own father?! Great. I'm eager for you to think about things other than how cold you are! When we are AWASH in money, we can order three coats! Seems more like what's needed to me. Agree the other is both lovely and Libby-like. I could be wrong, but warmth in that crazy cold requires high neck, maybe storm sleeves, and I think a solid bunch of some fabric, down, something. Hope I'm not being too much of a nuisance, but I want you delightfully protected! Will read your doc first break I get. Thanks, my dear! Will also send my bio for your perusal. I hope you're doing what you can to get fresh air, exercise and decent food. Very glad that you seemed to decide sanely about last weekend. Of course, I missed your being there, but was comforted by your taking care of yourself. I'm in my last two days here in DC and hope to regain a more normal pace when I get home Friday. I stayed in tonight, bypassed people and dinner, will sleep in a short while. This week ends seven weeks of exertion. I plan to be more careful setting up the next seven. Thank you for writing and maybe we can talk when you get a break. Do what you can to lessen the pressure—though I realize that it may be easier to say than to do. Let me know if I can be helpful. In my room and about to have a light dinner. Miss all of you. I'm hoping you're feeling ok and not getting any more sick. Party was good, family delightful, but I'm sure you made the right decision. It was an exertion for me, too. Headed to DC tonight and will be there until Friday. Maybe we can talk during the week? Hi Hon, not mad at all: we were just talking about this very thing and I'm completely behind your doing it. Of course, I'd like for you to be here---but your learning how to take proper care of yourself, say no when necessary, protect your energies and your interests--all that is ten times as important in the long run.
We're about to nap here and maybe I'll give you a call later on? Can't tell from this if you really wanted to talk or were just horsing around with me. What have I wrought?!! What can we do? Or maybe it will spur your writing?! Things are fine here and Zoe leaves tomorrow night for London with Naomi and Maya. Kathryn and I leave for Orcas Friday morning.
If we don't talk before we leave, we'll talk to you from up there—
**Jeffy said he knows exactly what course you're taking this summer! Just ran across this (below) in my old emails and realized that it was a brilliant impersonation of Philip that I'd not credited you with before! Well-done. No worries at all and I'm very sorry for contributing to your strain at all! I agree about low complexity and will proceed. Let's talk after your tests, yes? Happy birthday and no worries about the missed vm. I'll always be more persistent if I think it's more pressing. Still in London until tomorrow, but ready to be home, for sure. Never really sorted out my sleep all week so at most have had one night of normal sleep since I'm here. On the other hand, everything very successful…and now concluded. Maybe we can talk later, but not if it interferes with your evening. And I don't know when I'll surrender the evening for a warm bed and book, but maybe not too long from now--Talk soon and much love on your birthday. All very successful I think, especially the four-day workshop. Today's talk was at least good, maybe better than that. Much as I love London, eager to be home. Sent your resume to Anders this morning, though likely it will take several days for him to respond. He's pretty swamped and was just on the West Coast for days.
Thanks for sending this and I think it looks pretty darn good. Everything will be different now. Don't touch me when I call you "the worst"! What will you do today? She was a marginal person with respect to mental health. You're reminding me a little bit of Brandt's joke about the Russians. I thought it would be a hidden gem but it turns out it's a hidden piece of coal. I'm completely yelling, and he could be anywhere.







